360 Healthy Zone Terms and Conditions

 1. Introduction

Welcome to 360 Healthy Zone (360Healthyzone.com). This Site connects customers with health professionals, including nutritionists and coaches. By accessing and using this Site, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use this Site.

 Use of the Site

2.1. You must be at least 18 years old to use this Site.

2.2. You agree to use the Site in accordance with all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.

2.3. You must not use the Site for any illegal or prohibited purpose, including the transmission of any viruses or malware.

 3. Registration and User Account

3.1. To access certain services on the Site, you must create a user account.

3.2. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login information and for all activities that occur under your account.

3.3. You must provide truthful and accurate information about your health and physical condition when you register.

3.4. You must provide a valid payment method (PayPal) for the subscription and services.

 4. Services and Operation of the Platform

4.1. 360 Healthy Zone connects customers with health professionals (nutritionists and coaches) to provide personalized diet and exercise plans.

4.2. The client will enter his health and physical data necessary to receive a personalized plan.

4.3. The company has a maximum period of 24 working hours to assign a professional to the client.

4.4. The assigned professional has a maximum of 24 hours to analyze the information and provide a diet and/or exercise plan.

4.5. Direct communication between client and professional will be limited and managed through the platform to protect privacy and sensitive information.

4.6. The client must update their information every two weeks to receive a new plan based on their results.

4.7. The service is offered on a monthly, quarterly or yearly subscription basis.

4.8. The client has a period of 72 hours to start his diet and/or exercise plan through a button on the platform. If he/she does not do so, the plan will start automatically after 72 hours.

4.9. The client is obliged to upload updated information at the end of each two-week period so that the professional can adjust the plan according to the new results.

 Intellectual Property

5.1. All content on the Site, including text, graphics, logos, images, audio clips and software, is the property of 360 Healthy Zone or its licensors and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.

5.2. You may not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any material from the Site, except as permitted by these Terms.

 6. Privacy Policy

6.1. Your privacy is important to us. Our [Privacy Policy] describes how we collect, use and protect your personal information.

 7. Limitation of Liability

7.1. The Site is provided “as is” and “as available. 360 Healthy Zone makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the operation of the Site or the information, content, materials or products included on the Site.

7.2. To the maximum extent permitted by law, 360 Healthy Zone shall not be liable for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of the Site, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.

 8. Modifications to Terms

8.1. 360 Healthy Zone reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.

8.2. It is your responsibility to periodically review these Terms to be informed of any changes.

 9. Applicable Law

9.1. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States.

10. Contacting Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, you may contact us at:

360 Healthy Zone  
(Write the physical address of the company).  
360HealthyZone@gmail.com  
(Write contact phone number)